hello today I have decided to show you
all of the books that I read in 2015 and
I have also decided to show you the top
five books that I read in the whole of
the year
you
these are in no order so first of all
it's the strange and beautiful Sorrows
of Ava lavender just because it's such a
beautiful story second is the man who
walked through walls by Marcel
Ayumi and this is a business a
collection of short story then the
journals of Sylvia Plath and if you
adore Plath you will definitely love
this I think it's even better than the
bell jar and her collected poems then
the French Revolution by Christopher
Hobart which is documentation of the
French Revolution and then lastly Oliver
Twist by Charles Dickens which I can't
believe I hadn't read before I
absolutely loved it